<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

Finished code pen url:https://codepen.io/johnnymu/pen/RwRgbma?editors=1100 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?        Accessibility clear description to both web and developer
    2. What is HTML used for?          Its the base of your web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?       an attribute is a hyperlink and it goes were you need it.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?        your main title it is usually used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?       img and href
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?       The head tag
    7. What is an id?      specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?     multiple HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?      once
    10. What is a class?      used to point to a class in a style sheet
    11. What elements can I add a class to?      multiple HTML elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?      as many times you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?     target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? describes the image
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?      section is semantic div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for?     style 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{ }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one?     you can use the same class multiple times
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?     .{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?      selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?     a.slidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?     specifies a special state of the selected element(s) 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?    <br>
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?   STYLE="letter-spacing:5px"
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?    .lowercase { text-transform: lowercase; }
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?         div {border:1px solid black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?      *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?     */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?      psw
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?      ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?     git rm you might delete something important
    34. Why should I use version control?       is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later
    35. How often should I commit to github?   20min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?  git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. its a branching model

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?     inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, 
     on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur  
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?    no longer exists in the normal document layout flow. Instead, it sits on its own layer separate from everything else. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? padding
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default?  
    display block  button , input , select , inline a, b, i 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    essentially a box that wraps around every HTML element 


   --> 